c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\SocialApp.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\SocialApp.pdb
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Data.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DataAccess.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebActivator.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DataAccess.pdb
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Data.pdb
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.dll
c:\users\k.pashkov\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.pdb
C:\Users\k.pashkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.Strings.resources
C:\Users\k.pashkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\obj\Debug\SocialApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\k.pashkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\k.pashkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\taglib-sharp.dll
C:\Users\k.pashkov\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\SocialApp\SocialApp\bin\policy.2.0.taglib-sharp.config
